The Big-O time complexity for enqueue and dequeue in our LinkedQueue is O(1) for both. 
This is because we implemented a head and tail attribute, and we treat enqueue as add_last() and
dequeue as remove_first(). This means that only an assignment operation is needed to enqueue and
dequeue (either move the head foward, or add a new tail node) which causes the time complexity to be 
O(1)

The Big-O time complexity for bubble sort is O(n^2). This is because in an unsorted list, bubble sort 
must repeatedly compare and swap adjacent elements across multiple passes, 
leading to about n^2 operations in the worst case.

The Big-O time complexity for insertion sort is O(n^2). This is because in an unsorted list, 
elements may need to be compared and swapped multiple times to reach the correct position, 
resulting in O(n^2) time

The Big-O time complexity for selection sort is O(n^2). This is because the algorithm always performs n^2
comparisons to find the maximum or minimum element in the unsorted portion of the list. 
However, it performs only one swap per iteration, making it efficient when minimizing swaps is 
important.

The Big-O time complexity for recursive binary search is log(n) since the search space is halved at each iteration. 
Sorting is required for correctness because binary search  operates under the assumption that the current 
item will be in the correct position, enabling the conditional of target greater than or less than the current element to 
be evaluated correctly. If the list was unsorted, then the binary search wouldn't work 
because it's main assumption would be false.

Between bubble sort, insertion sort, and selection sort, insertion sort is preferred for small or nearly sorted 
lists because it can finish quickly with fewer swaps. With the swapped flag, bubble sort can stop early if no swaps occur, making it faster for already sorted lists. 
Selection sort is useful when minimizing swaps is important, since it performs fewer swaps than the others, but it still always takes O(n^2) 
time regardless of the input. Moreover, both bubble sort and insertion sort are preferred when trying 
to maintain original sort order compared to selection sort which is unstable.
