#Written by Mark Le, reviewed and edited by David Matos
Milestone 3 Report
(Note: the information here are infered from the slides and resources from geeksforgeeks. The work is manually written)
- HashMap Time complexity
    + Because we use separate chaining for handling hash collisions, the result for time complexity will be as follows:
        a) put: O(1) best + average, O(n) worst case:
            The hashing function has two parts: compute index (O(1)) and appending (O(1) best + average/O(n) worst)
            While the appending part is O(1), the appending function requires comparison to the other values in the index (membership testing).
            Typicaly, the key and values are pretty well spread out, so the comparison is minimal (can be considered constant) and can be put as constant
            However, worst case scenario will be all key-value pairs in one bucket. In this case, comparing with all the elements (n elements) requires O(n) time.
        There's also the cost of rehashing, which is O(n) per rehash, however because we do this once every O(n) times, the cost of rehashing in this function overall is O(1).
        b)  get: O(1) best + average, O(n) worst case:
            Compute index, linearly scans the chain in the bucket for matching key 
            Same thing as appending in put, with a good hash function, every bucket is expected to have a constant number of entries, which means an O(1) running time.
            However, worst case scenario will be all key-value pairs in one bucket again. In this case, scannning all the elements requires O(n) running time.
        Extra: remove: O(1) best and average, O(n) worst case:
            Compute index, scan and remove the matching key-value pair
            Similar reasoning, scan over the buckets, which should have constant elements, worst case scenario O(n) running time (all elements in one bucket)
            Rehashing is also O(1) overall (same reasoning)
- Sorting algorithm for Milestone 3 - Time complexity:
    + Mergesort: O(nlogn) best, average, and worst:
        No matter how ordered the list might be, the process remain the same.
        List is divided in half recursivelty producing log n levels, and for each level, the merge step process all n elements (in (n/level) groups)
        Therefore, total running time is O(nlogn), regardless of the initial order of the list.
    + Quicksort: O(nlogn) best + average, O(n^2) worst case.
        On average, the partition step divides the list into two roughly equal halves each time, so we would have roughly logn divisions, every time handling n elements, so running time (best and average) is O(nlogn)
        However, there exists a worst case when the pivot chosen is consistently the smallest/largest element, which is theoretically possible if 1) the chosen index is not randomized, 2) the list is already sorted/ reverse-sorted. (there are obviously other cases, but it is case specific and with the same low possibility)
        For our program, we only used the last element as the pivot, so the two aforementioned lists will have this scenario.
        In this worst case scenario, partition becomes really unbalanced (0 and n-1), so the amount of divisions needed is n. Therefore, running time will be O(n^2)
- Comparison, case-by-case of Mergesort and Quicksort:
    + Mergesort is preferred when:
        - Stability matters. The sorting function is stable, so it's good for maybe, multi-sorting algorithms where the sub-categories are used first before the main category sort.
        - Predictability is enforced. Although mergesort is normally slower than quicksort, it has a consistent running time and the worst running time better than quicksort. 
        Furthermore, our program can continuously do sorting algorithms, say adding, sorting and adding more later, so a consistent running time is better than quicksort, where specifically in our case will be slower.
        This can also have some effects on systems that require consistent flow, usually in mass scale. 
    + Quicksort is preferred when:
        - It's quick, as suggested by the name. This is useful especially for random data and a good pivot selection strategy that we didn't implement is used (random pivot, mean-of-three random, etc.).
        - Memory efficiency is a priority. Because quicksort (not the naive version) is in-place, it uses constant memory, and possibly some stack spaces for each level (O(logn)), compared to mergesort, where a new array size n must be made (O(n) memory).
        